coding guidelines: add some extra recommendations (#747)
haiku/website: content/development/coding-guidelines.md

*   Put exactly two blank lines between functions, as well as between includes and defines blocks, and between defines and variable or function definitions.
*   Include a newline at every file end.
*   Clean up trailing whitespace (tabs or spaces at the end of lines with nothing after it).

### Identifiers

> *   All identifiers, names and comments are in US English (for example, "color" rather than "colour").

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   All identifiers, names and comments should be in US English (for example, "color" rather than "colour").
```
